Raise error on catching OSError and log it (#1755)
inmanta/inmanta: CHANGELOG.md

 AGENT_TRIGGER_METHOD_ON_AUTO_DEPLOY is set to incremental deployment
 - Fixed deadlock triggered by std::AgenConfigHandler (#1662)
 - Removed the resourceversionid table from the database (#1627)

>  - Remote machines not being available or not haveing a python now results in a clearer error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Remote machines not being available or not having a python interpreter now results in a clearer error.
```
